#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
babel==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
billiard==3.5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
celery==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2018.11.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
decorator==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-openid
django==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-filter
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   django-timezone-field
django-allauth==0.38.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-appconf==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-bootstrap4==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-beat==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-compressor==2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-middleware==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-des==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rest-auth==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-des
django-timezone-field==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-webpack-loader==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-auth
djangorestframework-jwt==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djmail==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
docutils==0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
graphviz==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==19.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
ipdb==0.11
    # via -r requirements.txt
ipython==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   traitlets
jedi==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
kombu==4.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
parso==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
prompt-toolkit==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psycopg2==2.7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
pygments==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pygraphviz==1.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-jwt
pyparsing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
python-crontab==2.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-crontab
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2018.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
rjsmin==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   packaging
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinx
    #   traitlets
snowballstemmer==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinx==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
traitlets==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
urllib3==1.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
vine==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
wcwidth==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
